docs: document write amplification issue (#2670)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/storage.md

    by Kubernetes where a pre-provisioned volume exists. Make sure you check
    for any pods stuck in `Pending` after you have deployed the cluster, and
    if the condition persists investigate why this is happening.

> ## Block storage considerations (Ceph, Longhorn)
> Most block storage solutions in Kubernetes suggest to have multiple 'replicas' of a volume
> to improve resiliency. This works well for workloads that do not have resiliency built into the 
> application. However Cloud Native Postgres has this resiliency built into 
> the Postgres Cluster through the number of instances and the persistent volume that is
> attached to them. 
> 
> In these cases it makes sense to define the  storage class in the cnpg kubernetes cluster
> to be defined as  1 replica. By having additional replicas defined in the storage solution like 
> Longhorn and  Ceph adds on more disk i/o and space being used unnecessarily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Block storage considerations (Ceph, Longhorn)

Most block storage solutions in Kubernetes suggest to have multiple 'replicas' of a volume
to improve resiliency. This works well for workloads that don't have resiliency built into the 
application. However, CloudNativePG has this resiliency built directly into the Postgres `Cluster`
through the number of instances and the persistent volumes that are attached to them. 

In these cases it makes sense to define the  storage class used by the Postgres clusters
to be defined as 1 replica. By having additional replicas defined in the storage solution like 
Longhorn and Ceph you might incur in the issue known as write amplification, unnecessarily
increasing disk I/O and space used.
```
